2 o ,ἦρι

 

PREFACE

Ο illustrate the poeti-y of Horace by the aid of antique
geme is far from being 8 novel idea; in fact, there is 8
very obvious analogy in nature between these works of the
most elaborate and imaginative of 811 ancient arte, and those
most polished aud graceful of all productione of the classic
muse. Several attempts have consequently been made with
the same view, at the head of which stands pre-eminent the
edition brought out by Pine in the years 1733-7, under the
patronage of Fmderick Prince of WaleS, and william-
AugustuS, Duke of cumberland, 8 sumptuous and beautiful
specimen of eoppa-plato engraving at its best period, but
which has long ago passed into the category of rare and
expensive bibliographical curiosities.

There is however one essential difference between Pine’s
system of illustration and that projected by myself as more
consistent with the nature of the undertaking, on which
(together with the employment of the sister-art, now super-
seding chalcography for 811 such purposes‚) the present
edition may justly claim some originality in its plan. 'I'he
former, with 811 subsequent imitatem, has drawn upon other
brauches of ancient art besides the glyptic for his supply
of materiale, copying medals to as large an extent as en-
graved gems3 and even, by 8 much more censurable incon-

393229 ·

